crates/tauri-plugin-pcap/permissions/autogenerated/reference.md, before:

## Default Permission

This permission set configures if your
application can use the plugin.

#### This default permission set includes the following:

- `pcap:allow-start-capture`
- `pcap:allow-stop-capture`
- `pcap:allow-init-pcap`
- `pcap:allow-traceroute-enabled`
- `pcap:allow-run-traceroute`
- `pcap:allow-print-error`

## Permission Table

<table>
<tr>
<th>Identifier</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>


<tr>
<td>

`pcap:allow-database-state`

</td>
<td>

Enables the database_state command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:deny-database-state`

</td>
<td>

Denies the database_state command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:allow-download-source`

</td>
<td>

Enables the download_source command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:deny-download-source`

</td>
<td>

Denies the download_source command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:allow-init-pcap`

</td>
<td>

Enables the init_pcap command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:deny-init-pcap`

</td>
<td>

Denies the init_pcap command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:allow-lookup-dns`

</td>
<td>

Enables the lookup_dns command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:deny-lookup-dns`

</td>
<td>

Denies the lookup_dns command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:allow-lookup-host`

</td>
<td>

Enables the lookup_host command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:deny-lookup-host`

</td>
<td>

Denies the lookup_host command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:allow-lookup-ip`

</td>
<td>

Enables the lookup_ip command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:deny-lookup-ip`

</td>
<td>

Denies the lookup_ip command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:allow-my-location`

</td>
<td>

Enables the my_location command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:deny-my-location`

</td>
<td>

Denies the my_location command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:allow-pcap-info`

</td>
<td>

Enables the pcap_info command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:deny-pcap-info`

</td>
<td>

Denies the pcap_info command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:allow-ping`

</td>
<td>

Enables the ping command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:deny-ping`

</td>
<td>

Denies the ping command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:allow-print-error`

</td>
<td>

Enables the print_error command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:deny-print-error`

</td>
<td>

Denies the print_error command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:allow-refresh-cache`

</td>
<td>

Enables the refresh_cache command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:deny-refresh-cache`

</td>
<td>

Denies the refresh_cache command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:allow-run-traceroute`

</td>
<td>

Enables the run_traceroute command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:deny-run-traceroute`

</td>
<td>

Denies the run_traceroute command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:allow-set-selected-database`

</td>
<td>

Enables the set_selected_database command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:deny-set-selected-database`

</td>
<td>

Denies the set_selected_database command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:allow-start-capture`

</td>
<td>

Enables the start_capture command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:deny-start-capture`

</td>
<td>

Denies the start_capture command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:allow-stop-capture`

</td>
<td>

Enables the stop_capture command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:deny-stop-capture`

</td>
<td>

Denies the stop_capture command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:allow-traceroute-enabled`

</td>
<td>

Enables the traceroute_enabled command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:deny-traceroute-enabled`

</td>
<td>

Denies the traceroute_enabled command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:allow-unload-database`

</td>
<td>

Enables the unload_database command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:deny-unload-database`

</td>
<td>

Denies the unload_database command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>
</table>

Commit message:

move my-location to tauri-plugin-pcap

crates/tauri-plugin-pcap/permissions/autogenerated/reference.md, after:

## Default Permission

This permission set configures if your
application can use the plugin. Enables all features.

#### This default permission set includes the following:

- `pcap:allow-start-capture`
- `pcap:allow-stop-capture`
- `pcap:allow-init-pcap`
- `pcap:allow-traceroute-enabled`
- `pcap:allow-run-traceroute`
- `pcap:allow-print-error`
- `pcap:allow-my-location`

## Permission Table

<table>
<tr>
<th>Identifier</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>


<tr>
<td>

`pcap:allow-database-state`

</td>
<td>

Enables the database_state command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:deny-database-state`

</td>
<td>

Denies the database_state command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:allow-download-source`

</td>
<td>

Enables the download_source command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:deny-download-source`

</td>
<td>

Denies the download_source command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:allow-init-pcap`

</td>
<td>

Enables the init_pcap command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:deny-init-pcap`

</td>
<td>

Denies the init_pcap command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:allow-lookup-dns`

</td>
<td>

Enables the lookup_dns command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:deny-lookup-dns`

</td>
<td>

Denies the lookup_dns command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:allow-lookup-host`

</td>
<td>

Enables the lookup_host command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:deny-lookup-host`

</td>
<td>

Denies the lookup_host command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:allow-lookup-ip`

</td>
<td>

Enables the lookup_ip command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:deny-lookup-ip`

</td>
<td>

Denies the lookup_ip command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:allow-my-location`

</td>
<td>

Enables the my_location command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:deny-my-location`

</td>
<td>

Denies the my_location command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:allow-pcap-info`

</td>
<td>

Enables the pcap_info command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:deny-pcap-info`

</td>
<td>

Denies the pcap_info command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:allow-ping`

</td>
<td>

Enables the ping command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:deny-ping`

</td>
<td>

Denies the ping command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:allow-print-error`

</td>
<td>

Enables the print_error command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:deny-print-error`

</td>
<td>

Denies the print_error command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:allow-refresh-cache`

</td>
<td>

Enables the refresh_cache command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:deny-refresh-cache`

</td>
<td>

Denies the refresh_cache command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:allow-run-traceroute`

</td>
<td>

Enables the run_traceroute command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:deny-run-traceroute`

</td>
<td>

Denies the run_traceroute command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:allow-set-selected-database`

</td>
<td>

Enables the set_selected_database command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:deny-set-selected-database`

</td>
<td>

Denies the set_selected_database command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:allow-start-capture`

</td>
<td>

Enables the start_capture command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:deny-start-capture`

</td>
<td>

Denies the start_capture command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:allow-stop-capture`

</td>
<td>

Enables the stop_capture command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:deny-stop-capture`

</td>
<td>

Denies the stop_capture command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:allow-traceroute-enabled`

</td>
<td>

Enables the traceroute_enabled command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:deny-traceroute-enabled`

</td>
<td>

Denies the traceroute_enabled command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:allow-unload-database`

</td>
<td>

Enables the unload_database command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

`pcap:deny-unload-database`

</td>
<td>

Denies the unload_database command without any pre-configured scope.

</td>
</tr>
</table>
