crates/treebitmap/README.md, before:

# Tree-Bitmap: Fast lookup table for IPv4/IPv6 prefixes

> Forked from https://github.com/hroi/treebitmap
> Then forked from https://github.com/JakubOnderka/treebitmap

This crate provides a datastructure for fast IP address lookups.
It aims at fast lookup times, and a reasonable memory footprint.

The internal datastructure is based on the Tree-bitmap algorithm described by
W. Eatherton, Z. Dittia, G. Varghes.

## Documentation

Rustdoc: https://docs.rs/ip_network_table-deps-treebitmap/

## Illustration
An example illustration of a trie representing a routing table containing
```0.0.0.0/0``` (foo), ```10.0.0.0/8``` (bar), ```172.16.0.0/12``` (baz) and
```192.168.0.0/16``` (quux).

![rfc1918 trie illustration](https://hroi.github.io/rfc1918.svg)

## Internal trie datastructure basics
```Node ``` encodes result and child node pointers in a bitmap.

A trie node can encode up to 31 results when acting as an "end node", or 15
results and 16 children/subtrees when acting as a normal/internal node.

Each bit in the bitmap indicates a bit matching pattern:

| bit   | 0 |  1 |  2 |  3  |   4 |   5 |   6 |    7 |
|-------|---|----|----|-----|-----|-----|-----|------|
| match | * | 0* | 1* | 00* | 01* | 10* | 11* | 000* |

| bit   |    8 |    9 |   10 |   11 |   12 |   13 |   14 |          15 |
|-------|------|------|------|------|------|------|------|-------------|
| match | 001* | 010* | 011* | 100* | 101* | 110* | 111* | endnode-bit |

The last bit here does not indicate a pattern. It instead indicates if this
node is an "end node". End nodes carry double the amount of results but can't
encode any child pointers.

| bit   |    16 |    17 |    18 |    19 |    20 |    21 |    22 |    23 |
|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|
| match | 0000* | 0001* | 0010* | 0011* | 0100* | 0101* | 0110* | 0111* |

| bit   |    24 |    25 |    26 |    27 |    28 |    29 |    30 |    31 |
|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|
| match | 1000* | 1001* | 1010* | 1011* | 1100* | 1101* | 1110* | 1111* |

The location of the result value is computed by adding the ```result_ptr``` base
pointer and its position among set bits.

If the endnode bit is not set, the last 16 bits encodes pointers to child
nodes.
If bit N is set it means that a child node with segment value N is present.
The pointer to the child node is then computed by adding the ```child_ptr``` base
pointer and its position among set bits.

```
Copyright (c) 2016 Hroi Sigurdsson

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any
person obtaining a copy of this software and associated
documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the
Software without restriction, including without
limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge,
publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software
is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice
shall be included in all copies or substantial portions
of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF
ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR
IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
```

Commit message:

Add serde support to treebitmap

crates/treebitmap/README.md, after:

# Tree-Bitmap: Fast lookup table for IPv4/IPv6 prefixes

> Forked from https://github.com/hroi/treebitmap
>
> Then forked from https://github.com/JakubOnderka/treebitmap
>
> Changes have been applied from @bocharov in [pull/11](https://github.com/JakubOnderka/treebitmap/pull/11/files) to add serde support.

This crate provides a datastructure for fast IP address lookups.
It aims at fast lookup times, and a reasonable memory footprint.

The internal datastructure is based on the Tree-bitmap algorithm described by
W. Eatherton, Z. Dittia, G. Varghes.

## Documentation

Rustdoc: https://docs.rs/ip_network_table-deps-treebitmap/

## Illustration
An example illustration of a trie representing a routing table containing
```0.0.0.0/0``` (foo), ```10.0.0.0/8``` (bar), ```172.16.0.0/12``` (baz) and
```192.168.0.0/16``` (quux).

![rfc1918 trie illustration](https://hroi.github.io/rfc1918.svg)

## Internal trie datastructure basics
```Node ``` encodes result and child node pointers in a bitmap.

A trie node can encode up to 31 results when acting as an "end node", or 15
results and 16 children/subtrees when acting as a normal/internal node.

Each bit in the bitmap indicates a bit matching pattern:

| bit   | 0 |  1 |  2 |  3  |   4 |   5 |   6 |    7 |
|-------|---|----|----|-----|-----|-----|-----|------|
| match | * | 0* | 1* | 00* | 01* | 10* | 11* | 000* |

| bit   |    8 |    9 |   10 |   11 |   12 |   13 |   14 |          15 |
|-------|------|------|------|------|------|------|------|-------------|
| match | 001* | 010* | 011* | 100* | 101* | 110* | 111* | endnode-bit |

The last bit here does not indicate a pattern. It instead indicates if this
node is an "end node". End nodes carry double the amount of results but can't
encode any child pointers.

| bit   |    16 |    17 |    18 |    19 |    20 |    21 |    22 |    23 |
|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|
| match | 0000* | 0001* | 0010* | 0011* | 0100* | 0101* | 0110* | 0111* |

| bit   |    24 |    25 |    26 |    27 |    28 |    29 |    30 |    31 |
|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|
| match | 1000* | 1001* | 1010* | 1011* | 1100* | 1101* | 1110* | 1111* |

The location of the result value is computed by adding the ```result_ptr``` base
pointer and its position among set bits.

If the endnode bit is not set, the last 16 bits encodes pointers to child
nodes.
If bit N is set it means that a child node with segment value N is present.
The pointer to the child node is then computed by adding the ```child_ptr``` base
pointer and its position among set bits.

```
Copyright (c) 2016 Hroi Sigurdsson

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any
person obtaining a copy of this software and associated
documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the
Software without restriction, including without
limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge,
publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software
is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice
shall be included in all copies or substantial portions
of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF
ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR
IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
```
